I don't know what he knows but I hosted
the Oscars watch
that I was fishing and what a weird
thing though have you ever any of you
ever was the officers before well let me
tell you about it except for the end it
was a lot of fun it was went very well
we're chugging along and then all of a
sudden out of nowhere it turned into one
of those Maury Povich paternity test
shows it was the weirdest TV finale
since lost as I'm sure you've heard lala
land was simultaneously somehow the
biggest winner and loser last night you
know it's a strange night when the word
envelope is trending on Twitter okay he
missed it Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway
it was the 50th anniversary of Bonnie
and Clyde they played Bonnie and Clyde
so the Academy asked them to present
best picture is the biggest award of the
night the last one they give out so
Warren and say come out with the
envelope and well here's where the story
starts and the Academy Award
[Music]
for best picture la-la-land
in retrospect now what we know is what
worried is he was confused so he handed
it to fay and let her read a good in
other words Clyde threw Bonnie under the
bus very quickly so Faye Dunaway
announces Lalo in its best picture which
made sense it was the favorite to win
and the la-la-land producers get up on
stage which made sense they thought
there won a few of them
Jordan Horowitz Marc Platt and Fred
Berger gave speeches and I'm now sitting
in the audience watching these speeches
the plan is for me to end the show from
the audience audience in the seat next
to Matt Damon who make I want to make no
mistake about whatever confusion there
was about who won
Matt Damon lost miserably but we're
sitting there and we noticed some
commotion going on and Matt says I think
I heard the stage matters say they got
the winner wrong the stage managers on
the stage writers never on camera it's
very unusual but so we're sitting there
you just kind of figure well you know
the hosts will go on stage and clear
this up and then I remember oh I'm the
hole
all right well I just walk up the stairs
and as soon as I get up there this
happens all right I'm sorry
no there's a mistake moonlight you guys
won best picture is not a joke I'm to
pray they read the wrong thing this is
not a joke moonlight is won Best Picture
moonlight picture kind of scary in a way
that was the producer of lala land who
thought he won he stated holding an
Oscar that they're not going to take
away from him my first instinct was to
tell him to run take that Oscar and get
out but he didn't so now there's mass
confusion
the audience is confused the people
standing around me are confused I
assumed everyone at home is confused and
I'm probably supposed to do something
because no one's doing anything and then
Warren Beatty steps up to explain hello
hi I want Lauren what did you do I want
to tell you what happened I opened the
envelope and it said Emma Stone lala
land that's why I took such a long look
at say and at you I wasn't trying to be
funny
well you were funny now thank you very
much thank you very much
wow this is this is moonlight the best
picture yeah
yeah there you go so moonlight was the
best picture and now so we have the
producers of two movies on stage and who
the hell even knows who is who from
which movie and I'm standing there like
an idiot feeling bad for these guys but
also trying really hard not to laugh to
be honest and I see now I see Denzel
Washington in the front row trying to
get my attention he's gesturing and he's
pointing I don't know what he's pointing
but he yells berry and I'm like what and
he says berry and eventually I figured
out that berry Jenkins or the director
of moonlight is standing behind me and
Denzel wants me to get him to the
microphone to make a speech which you
know made sense thank god Denzel was
there to make that so I miss him he's in
South Africa and when I got berry and he
spoke but not for very long then there
was another quick speech and then
everyone just stood there again kind of
shell-shocked and I ended the show and
then as I walked up stage people started
specularly people around me say hello
did you pull a prank of some kind I was
like ain't no I didn't I could not pull
a prank if I pulled the prank by the way
I wouldn't have just had the wrong
winners name on the envelope when they
opened there would have been like a Bed
Bath and Beyond coupons man it was not a
Frank and by the way the producers of
all land were very gracious which they
did not have to be on Satan off
they had a dirty hot to handle er well
it was a very amicable custody
arrangement they didn't have at for
visitation or anything but so after the
show I go I went back in the green room
to talk to Warren Beatty cousin still
nobody knows what happened and he showed
me the evidence you know when you do a
show like this you're just the host
you're also the lead detective you
haven't you like the sheriff of the show
Warren Beatty could be in prison right
now if I wanted but the card he had said
la-la-land emma stone which is weird
because emma stone who won best actress
for lala land at that moment was in the
press room doing interviews saying this
i also was holding my Best Actress in a
leading role card that entire time so
whatever story I don't mean to start
stuff but whatever story that was I had
that card so she said she had the card
but I was with Lorne and he had the card
well it turns out they both had the card
for whatever reason they have two of
each card in each envelope there's a
regular envelope and a backup envelope
just to make it more confusing and the
accountants gave Warren the wrong card
and they apologized for it today so
wasn't Lauren baby's fault and Faye
Dunaway made quite a getaway she got the
hell I have the wrong name the suspect
he wanted no part of it he was smart too
and then I spent the whole rest of the
night answering questions about it it
was quite an evening it really lucked
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and it did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares